You may recall that you can't easily delete records from Kafka,
as it is an append only log.
This is a serious issue in a world where
privacy regulations are increasingly giving consumers the right to be forgotten.
Regulation like the EU's GDPR,
and the California Consumer Privacy Act or CCPA,
grant citizens in these regions the right to request their data be removed from storage.
While it's an encouraging development that legislative bodies
have begun to take up this issue and protect consumers,
it does create some interesting technical challenges for Kafka users.
In this section will review a strategy popularized by Kafka user Daniel Lebrero ,
to allow for deletion of records and
existing Kafka topics that belong to a user and contains sensitive information.